document how to install tools in a Virtual Device (#948)
MicroEJ/docs: SDK6UserGuide/buildVirtualDevice.rst

      implementation("com.microej.kernelapi:edc:1.2.0")
   }

.. _sdk_6_buildVirtualDevice_add_tool:

Add a Tool in a Virtual Device
------------------------------

> When building a Virtual Device, it is possible to define additional MicroEJ Tools to install inside, 
> like the :ref:`sdk6_localDeployTool` tool for example.
> 
> To install a MicroEJ Tool in a Virtual Device, 
> you must declare the Tool as a dependency of the project in the build file, with the ``microejTool`` configuration::
> 
>    dependencies {
>       microejTool("com.mycompany:mytool:1.0.0")
>    }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When building a Virtual Device, it is possible to define additional MicroEJ Tools to install inside, by declaring a dependency with the ``microejTool`` configuration. For example to install the :ref:`sdk6_localDeployTool` tool, add the following dependency the project in the build file::
```

Author: Done.
